src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/README.md, before:

# Linux Render Farm On Azure

This folder contains all the automation to configure all infrastructure described in the [first render pilot](../securedimage/Azure%20First%20Render%20Pilot.pdf) for a Linux render farm.  A simulated on-premises environment is provided for experimentation without using a real on-premises environment.

![The architecture](../../../../docs/images/terraform/centose2e.png)

## Terraform Project Organization

There are multilple ways to organize and structure Terraform.  The approach that seemed to strike the right balance between security, complexity, and Terraform best practices is outlined in [Terraform Structures and Layouts by Laura Martin](https://www.surminus.com/blog/terraform-structures-and-layouts/).

The organization principles are as follows:
1. Security is first priority.  This is achieved using a keyvault, and storing terraform state in a storage account.
1. Major Infrastructure Groups that share a similar life cycle are in their own folder
1. Configuration is captured in "config.* files".

When deploying to multiple regions there are two approaches that are [debated in the Terraform community](https://www.reddit.com/r/Terraform/comments/o7hch1/what_folder_structure_do_you_use_for_terraform/) each with advantages and disadvantages:
1. **Replicate the folders for each environment** - the first approach is to replicate the folders for each environment.  This ensure that each environment and associated configuration lives on its own.  The downside is that there is a lot of replication of code, but the upside is that human error with "terraform apply" does not overwrite the wrong environment.
2. **Workspaces** - Use [Terraform workspaces](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/guides/recommended-practices/part3.3.html#3-design-your-organization-s-workspace-structure).  In this approach, you would have different `*.tfvars` and `*.backend` files for the environment.  For example `eastus.tfvars` and `eastus.tfvars` for east us and `westus2.tfvars` and `westus2.tfvars` for west us2.  The disadvantage of this approach is that human error in setting the wrong environment or specifying the wrong tfvars file, will overwrite the infrastructure in the wrong environment.

## Pre-requisites

To run the example, execute the following instructions.  This assumes use of Azure Cloud Shell.  If you are installing into your own environment, you will need to follow the [instructions to setup terraform for the Azure environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/terraform/terraform-install-configure).

1. browse to https://shell.azure.com, and choose a Bash shell.

2. Specify your subscription by running this command with your subscription ID:  ```az account set --subscription YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_ID```.  You will need to run this every time after restarting your shell, otherwise it may default you to the wrong subscription, and you will see an error similar to `azurerm_public_ip.vm is empty tuple`.

3. get the terraform examples
```bash
mkdir tf
cd tf
git init
git remote add origin -f https://github.com/Azure/Avere.git
git config core.sparsecheckout true
echo "src/terraform/*" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
git pull origin main
```

### 0. Security

To ensure security, Terraform requires a keyvault, and a storage account to hold the tfstate files.

The keyvault stores all the secrets used in this example.  Be sure to configure the following Secrets with keys:
* `vpngatewaykey` - this is the subnet to contain the VPN gateway
* `virtualmachine` - this configures the password for the virtual machines used in this example
* `AvereCache` - this configures the secret to be used with the Avere Cache

The tfstate files contain secrets, so it is recommended to use a protected backend for storing of these files.  For this example, an Azure Storage Account is deployed and used to store the tfstate files.  Here are good articles related to terraform backends:
1. **Backends** - https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html
1. **AzureRM Backend** - https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/settings/backends/azurerm.html

### Steps to Deploy

1. Before deploying, ensure you have Role `Key Vault Secrets Officer`.  To do this, open https://portal.azure.com, and browse to Subscriptions=>Access Control (IAM) and add "Key Vault Secrets Officer" to your id.
1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/0.keyvault`
1. `code config.tfvars` and edit the values to your desired values.
1. `terraform init` and `terraform apply -auto-approve`
1. **Important** once deployed, browse to the keyvault in the portal and update each of the 3 **Secrets**.
1. **Important** `code ../globalconfig.backend` to edit and update with the output variables.  This will be used to store the tfstate.
1. **Important** `code ../globalconfig.tfvars` to edit and update with location and keyvault id.  This will be used for secret retrieval.

## 1.Network

This sets up a VNET with the following subnets:

1. GatewaySubnet
2. Cache
3. Render Nodes

### Steps to Deploy

1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/1.network`
1. `code config.auto.tfvars` and edit the variables
1. `terraform init -backend-config ../globalconfig.backend`
1. `terraform apply -auto-approve -var-file ../globalconfig.tfvars`

## Appendix.A-SimulatedOnPrem

Skip this step if you have an on-premises environment.  Otherwise this step will deploy the [simulated on-prem environment](Appendix.A-SimulatedOnPrem/).

Please note that a real on-premises environment must have VPN or ExpressRoute connectivity to Azure with non-overlapping subnet ranges.  Also, an NFS filer with the following access is required:
* `no_root_squash` - this is needed because HPC Cache or vFXT works at the root level
* `rw` - read/write is needed for the HPC Cache or vFXT to write files
* **ip range is open** - ensure the HPC Cache or vFXT subnet is specified in the export.  Also, if any render clients are writing around, you will also need to open up the subnet range of the render clients, otherwise this is not needed.

### Steps to Deploy

For deployment of the simulated on-premises environment, consider a different region from rest of the example to simulate a higher latency.

1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/Appendix.A-SimulatedOnPrem`
1. `code config.auto.tfvars` and edit the values to your desired values.
1. `terraform init -backend-config ../globalconfig.backend`
1. `terraform apply -auto-approve -var-file ../globalconfig.tfvars`

## 1. Network Vpnconnection

This step connects the on-prem gateway with the cloud gateway.  Here are the steps to deploy:

1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/1.network.vpnconnection`
1. `code config.tfvars` and edit the values to your desired values.
1. `terraform init -backend-config ../globalconfig.backend`
1. `terraform apply -auto-approve -var-file ../globalconfig.tfvars`

## 2. Image

## 3. Cache

## 4. VMSS

Commit message:

update readme to include Moana (#1264)

src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/README.md, after:

# Linux Render Farm On Azure

This folder contains all the automation to configure all infrastructure described in the [first render pilot](../securedimage/Azure%20First%20Render%20Pilot.pdf) for a Linux render farm.  A simulated on-premises environment is provided for experimentation without using a real on-premises environment.

![The architecture](../../../../docs/images/terraform/centose2e.png)

## Terraform Project Organization

There are multilple ways to organize and structure Terraform.  The approach that seemed to strike the right balance between security, complexity, and Terraform best practices is outlined in [Terraform Structures and Layouts by Laura Martin](https://www.surminus.com/blog/terraform-structures-and-layouts/).

The organization principles are as follows:
1. Security is first priority.  This is achieved using a keyvault, and storing terraform state in a storage account.
1. Major Infrastructure Groups that share a similar life cycle are in their own folder
1. Configuration is captured in "config.* files".

When deploying to multiple regions there are two approaches that are [debated in the Terraform community](https://www.reddit.com/r/Terraform/comments/o7hch1/what_folder_structure_do_you_use_for_terraform/) each with advantages and disadvantages:
1. **Replicate the folders for each environment** - the first approach is to replicate the folders for each environment.  This ensure that each environment and associated configuration lives on its own.  The downside is that there is a lot of replication of code, but the upside is that human error with "terraform apply" does not overwrite the wrong environment.
2. **Workspaces** - Use [Terraform workspaces](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/guides/recommended-practices/part3.3.html#3-design-your-organization-s-workspace-structure).  In this approach, you would have different `*.tfvars` and `*.backend` files for the environment.  For example `eastus.tfvars` and `eastus.tfvars` for east us and `westus2.tfvars` and `westus2.tfvars` for west us2.  The disadvantage of this approach is that human error in setting the wrong environment or specifying the wrong tfvars file, will overwrite the infrastructure in the wrong environment.

## Pre-requisites

To run the example, execute the following instructions.  This assumes use of Azure Cloud Shell.  If you are installing into your own environment, you will need to follow the [instructions to setup terraform for the Azure environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/terraform/terraform-install-configure).

1. browse to https://shell.azure.com, and choose a Bash shell.

2. Specify your subscription by running this command with your subscription ID:  ```az account set --subscription YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_ID```.  You will need to run this every time after restarting your shell, otherwise it may default you to the wrong subscription, and you will see an error similar to `azurerm_public_ip.vm is empty tuple`.

3. get the terraform examples
```bash
mkdir tf
cd tf
git init
git remote add origin -f https://github.com/Azure/Avere.git
git config core.sparsecheckout true
echo "src/terraform/*" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
git pull origin main
```

### 0. Security

To ensure security, Terraform requires a keyvault, and a storage account to hold the tfstate files.

The keyvault stores all the secrets used in this example.  Be sure to configure the following Secrets with keys:
* `vpngatewaykey` - this is the subnet to contain the VPN gateway
* `virtualmachine` - this configures the password for the virtual machines used in this example
* `AvereCache` - this configures the secret to be used with the Avere Cache

The tfstate files contain secrets, so it is recommended to use a protected backend for storing of these files.  For this example, an Azure Storage Account is deployed and used to store the tfstate files.  Here are good articles related to terraform backends:
1. **Backends** - https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html
1. **AzureRM Backend** - https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/settings/backends/azurerm.html

### Steps to Deploy

1. Before deploying, ensure you have Role `Key Vault Secrets Officer`.  To do this, open https://portal.azure.com, and browse to Subscriptions=>Access Control (IAM) and add "Key Vault Secrets Officer" to your id.
1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/0.keyvault`
1. `code config.tfvars` and edit the values to your desired values.
1. `terraform init` and `terraform apply -auto-approve`
1. **Important** once deployed, browse to the keyvault in the portal and update each of the 3 **Secrets**.
1. **Important** `code ../globalconfig.backend` to edit and update with the output variables.  This will be used to store the tfstate.
1. **Important** `code ../globalconfig.tfvars` to edit and update with location and keyvault id.  This will be used for secret retrieval.

## 1.Network

This sets up a VNET with the following subnets:

1. GatewaySubnet
2. Cache
3. Render Nodes

### Steps to Deploy

1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/1.network`
1. `code config.auto.tfvars` and edit the variables
1. `terraform init -backend-config ../globalconfig.backend`
1. `terraform apply -auto-approve -var-file ../globalconfig.tfvars`

## Appendix.A-SimulatedOnPrem

Skip this step if you have an on-premises environment.  Otherwise this step will deploy the [simulated on-prem environment](Appendix.A-SimulatedOnPrem/).

Please note that a real on-premises environment must have VPN or ExpressRoute connectivity to Azure with non-overlapping subnet ranges.  Also, an NFS filer with the following access is required:
* `no_root_squash` - this is needed because HPC Cache or vFXT works at the root level
* `rw` - read/write is needed for the HPC Cache or vFXT to write files
* **ip range is open** - ensure the HPC Cache or vFXT subnet is specified in the export.  Also, if any render clients are writing around, you will also need to open up the subnet range of the render clients, otherwise this is not needed.

### Steps to Deploy

For deployment of the simulated on-premises environment, consider a different region from rest of the example to simulate a higher latency.

1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/Appendix.A-SimulatedOnPrem`
1. `code config.auto.tfvars` and edit the values to your desired values.  For the Moana SAS urls, you can leave these blank to not populate or download the 3 files from [Disney](https://www.disneyanimation.com/resources/moana-island-scene/) to a blob storage account.  Once downloaded to the blob storage account, you can create SAS Urls to each blob using [Azure Storage Explorer](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/storage-explorer/).
1. `terraform init -backend-config ../globalconfig.backend`
1. `terraform apply -auto-approve -var-file ../globalconfig.tfvars`

## 1. Network Vpnconnection

This step connects the on-prem gateway with the cloud gateway.  Here are the steps to deploy:

1. `cd ~/tf/src/terraform/examples/centos-e2e/1.network.vpnconnection`
1. `code config.tfvars` and edit the values to your desired values.
1. `terraform init -backend-config ../globalconfig.backend`
1. `terraform apply -auto-approve -var-file ../globalconfig.tfvars`

## 2. Image

## 3. Cache

## 4. VMSS
