src/terraform/examples/vfxt/README.md, before:

# Avere vFXT for Azure

The examples in this folder build various configurations of the Avere vFXT with IaaS based filers:

1. [Avere vFXT](no-filers/)
2. [Avere vFXT mounting Azure Blob Storage cloud core filer example](azureblobfiler/)
3. [Avere vFXT mounting 1 IaaS NAS filer](1-filer/)
4. [Avere vFXT mounting 3 IaaS NAS filers](3-filers/)
5. [Avere vFXT mounting an Azure NetApp Files Volume](netapp/)
6. [Avere vFXT extends Azure NetApp Files across regions](netapp-across-region/)
7. [Avere vFXT and VDBench example](vdbench/)
8. [Avere vFXT and VMSS example](vmss/)
9. [Avere vFXT and CacheWarmer](cachewarmer/)
10. [Avere vFXT optimized for Houdini](HoudiniOptimized/)
11. [Avere vFXT and Cloud Workstations](cloudworkstation/)
12. [Avere vFXT only](vfxt-only/) - this example is useful for when the cloud environment is already configured.
13. [Avere vFXT in a Proxy Environment](proxy/) - this example shows how to deploy the Avere in a locked down internet environment, with a proxy.
14. [Deploy Avere vFXT directly from the controller](run-local/) - this example shows how to deploy the Avere directly from the controller.
15. [Specify a custom VServer IP Range with the Avere vFXT](custom-vserver/) - this example shows how to specify a custom VServer IP Range with the Avere vFXT.

# Create vFXT Controller from Custom Images

Occasionally you may need to deploy the Avere vFXT and Controller from custom images.  Below are the instructions:

1. Browse to https://shell.azure.com

2. create a build script by executing `touch buildimages.sh`

3. edit the file `code buildimages.sh`, add the following content, and update the configurable variables with the SAS URLs provided from Avere.

```bash
#########################
# Configurable Variables
#########################
export LOCATION=eastus
export SUBSCRIPTIONID=
export CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP=
export CONTROLLER_NAME=
export VFXT_NAME=

##############################
# Get the SAS URLs from Avere
##############################
export CONTROLLER_URL=''
export VFXT_URL=''

########################################
# create the group if not already exists
########################################
az account set --subscription $SUBSCRIPTIONID
az group create --location $LOCATION --name $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP

##############################
# create the controller image
##############################
export CONTROLLER_SIZE=$(curl -s --head $CONTROLLER_URL | grep Content-Length | cut -d " " -f 2)
az disk create -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --for-upload --upload-size-bytes $CONTROLLER_SIZE --sku standard_lrs
az disk grant-access -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600
export CONTROLLER_SAS=$(az disk grant-access -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600 --query "accessSas" -otsv)
azcopy copy $CONTROLLER_URL $CONTROLLER_SAS
az disk revoke-access -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP
az image create --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --name $CONTROLLER_NAME --os-type Linux --source $(az disk list -g $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --query "[?name=='$CONTROLLER_NAME'].id | [0]" -otsv)
az disk delete -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP -y

##############################
# create the vfxt image
##############################
export VFXT_SIZE=$(curl -s --head $VFXT_URL | grep Content-Length | cut -d " " -f 2)
az disk create -n $VFXT_NAME --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --for-upload --upload-size-bytes $VFXT_SIZE --sku standard_lrs
az disk grant-access -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600
export VFXT_SAS=$(az disk grant-access -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600 --query "accessSas" -otsv)
azcopy copy $VFXT_URL $VFXT_SAS
az disk revoke-access -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP
az image create --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --name $VFXT_NAME --os-type Linux --source $(az disk list -g $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --query "[?name=='$VFXT_NAME'].id | [0]" -otsv)
az disk delete -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP -y

###############################
# Dump the custom image ids
###############################
az image list -g $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --query "[].id"
```

4. execute the script `./buildimages.sh`

5. copy the two image IDs output

Now you can use any of the vFXT examples and pass in for the controller and vfxt image ids.

# Accept Azure Marketplace Terms

If this is your first time deploying a vFXT cluster on Azure you will have to accept the marketplace terms and conditions for the image. Please read the terms and conditions, and if you accept them, you can confirm this via the Azure CLI:

```
az vm image terms accept --urn microsoft-avere:vfxt:avere-vfxt-controller:latest
```

Commit message:

update managed identity to latest version

src/terraform/examples/vfxt/README.md, after:

# Avere vFXT for Azure

The examples in this folder build various configurations of the Avere vFXT with IaaS based filers:

1. [Avere vFXT](no-filers/)
2. [Avere vFXT mounting Azure Blob Storage cloud core filer example](azureblobfiler/)
3. [Avere vFXT mounting 1 IaaS NAS filer](1-filer/)
4. [Avere vFXT mounting 3 IaaS NAS filers](3-filers/)
5. [Avere vFXT mounting an Azure NetApp Files Volume](netapp/)
6. [Avere vFXT extends Azure NetApp Files across regions](netapp-across-region/)
7. [Avere vFXT and VDBench example](vdbench/)
8. [Avere vFXT and VMSS example](vmss/)
9. [Avere vFXT and CacheWarmer](cachewarmer/)
10. [Avere vFXT optimized for Houdini](HoudiniOptimized/)
11. [Avere vFXT and Cloud Workstations](cloudworkstation/)
12. [Avere vFXT only](vfxt-only/) - this example is useful for when the cloud environment is already configured.
13. [Avere vFXT in a Proxy Environment](proxy/) - this example shows how to deploy the Avere in a locked down internet environment, with a proxy.
14. [Deploy Avere vFXT directly from the controller](run-local/) - this example shows how to deploy the Avere directly from the controller.
15. [Specify a custom VServer IP Range with the Avere vFXT](custom-vserver/) - this example shows how to specify a custom VServer IP Range with the Avere vFXT.
16. [Avere vFXT using User Assigned Managed Identity](user-assigned-managed-identity/) - this example shows how to use a user assigned managed identity with the Avere vFXT.

# Create vFXT Controller from Custom Images

Occasionally you may need to deploy the Avere vFXT and Controller from custom images.  Below are the instructions:

1. Browse to https://shell.azure.com

2. create a build script by executing `touch buildimages.sh`

3. edit the file `code buildimages.sh`, add the following content, and update the configurable variables with the SAS URLs provided from Avere.

```bash
#########################
# Configurable Variables
#########################
export LOCATION=eastus
export SUBSCRIPTIONID=
export CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP=
export CONTROLLER_NAME=
export VFXT_NAME=

##############################
# Get the SAS URLs from Avere
##############################
export CONTROLLER_URL=''
export VFXT_URL=''

########################################
# create the group if not already exists
########################################
az account set --subscription $SUBSCRIPTIONID
az group create --location $LOCATION --name $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP

##############################
# create the controller image
##############################
export CONTROLLER_SIZE=$(curl -s --head $CONTROLLER_URL | grep Content-Length | cut -d " " -f 2)
az disk create -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --for-upload --upload-size-bytes $CONTROLLER_SIZE --sku standard_lrs
az disk grant-access -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600
export CONTROLLER_SAS=$(az disk grant-access -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600 --query "accessSas" -otsv)
azcopy copy $CONTROLLER_URL $CONTROLLER_SAS
az disk revoke-access -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP
az image create --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --name $CONTROLLER_NAME --os-type Linux --source $(az disk list -g $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --query "[?name=='$CONTROLLER_NAME'].id | [0]" -otsv)
az disk delete -n $CONTROLLER_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP -y

##############################
# create the vfxt image
##############################
export VFXT_SIZE=$(curl -s --head $VFXT_URL | grep Content-Length | cut -d " " -f 2)
az disk create -n $VFXT_NAME --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --for-upload --upload-size-bytes $VFXT_SIZE --sku standard_lrs
az disk grant-access -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600
export VFXT_SAS=$(az disk grant-access -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --access-level Write --duration-in-seconds 3600 --query "accessSas" -otsv)
azcopy copy $VFXT_URL $VFXT_SAS
az disk revoke-access -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP
az image create --location $LOCATION --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --name $VFXT_NAME --os-type Linux --source $(az disk list -g $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --query "[?name=='$VFXT_NAME'].id | [0]" -otsv)
az disk delete -n $VFXT_NAME --resource-group $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP -y

###############################
# Dump the custom image ids
###############################
az image list -g $CUSTOMIMAGE_RESOURCEGROUP --query "[].id"
```

4. execute the script `./buildimages.sh`

5. copy the two image IDs output

Now you can use any of the vFXT examples and pass in for the controller and vfxt image ids.

# Accept Azure Marketplace Terms

If this is your first time deploying a vFXT cluster on Azure you will have to accept the marketplace terms and conditions for the image. Please read the terms and conditions, and if you accept them, you can confirm this via the Azure CLI:

```
az vm image terms accept --urn microsoft-avere:vfxt:avere-vfxt-controller:latest
```
