src/terraform/examples/HPC Cache/vmss/README.md, before:

# VMSS Round Robin mount HPC Cache performance

This is a basic setup to start VMSS and round robin mount [Azure HPC Cache](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hpc-cache/).

## Deployment Instructions

To run the example, execute the following instructions.  This assumes use of Azure Cloud Shell, but you can use in your own environment, ensure you install the vfxt provider as described in the [build provider instructions](../../../providers/terraform-provider-avere#build-the-terraform-provider-binary).  However, if you are installing into your own environment, you will need to follow the [instructions to setup terraform for the Azure environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/terraform/terraform-install-configure).

1. browse to https://shell.azure.com

2. Specify your subscription by running this command with your subscription ID:  ```az account set --subscription YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_ID```.  You will need to run this everytime after restarting your shell, otherwise it may default you to the wrong subscription, and you will see an error similar to `azurerm_public_ip.vm is empty tuple`.

3. double check your Avere vFXT pre-requistes, including running `az vm image accept-terms --urn microsoft-avere:vfxt:avere-vfxt-controller:latest`: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/avere-vfxt/avere-vfxt-prereqs

4. If not already installed, run the following commands to install the Avere vFXT provider for Azure:
```bash
mkdir -p ~/.terraform.d/plugins
# install the vfxt released binary from https://github.com/Azure/Avere
wget -O ~/.terraform.d/plugins/terraform-provider-avere https://github.com/Azure/Avere/releases/download/tfprovider_v0.4.2/terraform-provider-avere
chmod 755 ~/.terraform.d/plugins/terraform-provider-avere
```

5. get the terraform examples
```bash
mkdir tf
cd tf
git init
git remote add origin -f https://github.com/Azure/Avere.git
git config core.sparsecheckout true
echo "src/terraform/*" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
git pull origin master
```

6. `cd src/terraform/examples/vfxt/vmss`

7. `code main.tf` to edit the local variables section at the top of the file, to customize to your preferencess

8. execute `terraform init` in the directory of `main.tf`.

9. execute `terraform apply -auto-approve` to build the vfxt cluster

Commit message:

add HPC Cache VMSS example

src/terraform/examples/HPC Cache/vmss/README.md, after:

# VMSS Round Robin mount HPC Cache performance

This is a basic setup to start VMSS and round robin mount [Azure HPC Cache](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hpc-cache/).

## Deployment Instructions

To run the example, execute the following instructions.  This assumes use of Azure Cloud Shell.  If you are installing into your own environment, you will need to follow the [instructions to setup terraform for the Azure environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/terraform/terraform-install-configure).

1. browse to https://shell.azure.com

2. Specify your subscription by running this command with your subscription ID:  ```az account set --subscription YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_ID```.  You will need to run this everytime after restarting your shell, otherwise it may default you to the wrong subscription, and you will see an error similar to `azurerm_public_ip.vm is empty tuple`.

3. double check your [HPC Cache pre-requistes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hpc-cache/hpc-cache-prereqs)

4. get the terraform examples
```bash
mkdir tf
cd tf
git init
git remote add origin -f https://github.com/Azure/Avere.git
git config core.sparsecheckout true
echo "src/terraform/*" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
git pull origin master
```

5. `cd src/terraform/examples/HPC\ Cache/vmss`

6. `code main.tf` to edit the local variables section at the top of the file, to customize to your preferences

8. execute `terraform init` in the directory of `main.tf`.

9. execute `terraform apply -auto-approve` to build the HPC Cache cluster

Once installed you will be able to see the VMSS nodes mounted on the HPC Cache.

When you are done using the cluster, you can destroy it by running `terraform destroy -auto-approve` or just delete the resource groups created.
